just just try to play model around game
the guys did a great job knocking down
shots I just try to be aggressive
rebound the ball offensively never try
and force anything it's try and play
within our offensive really I just
trying to be a facilitator out their
maker when better but the game comes in
me and thought tonight was a huge effort
team-wise offensively playing unselfish
moving the ball and defensively or
half-court defense has been great all
year long we got to keep doing that for
this is a big win protes okay Kevin
pointed to it let's much like let's
turnovers in the second half thank you
right turnovers in the first half away
too much he jokes we had a big lead and
we started Turnbull for are playing
sloppy believe went away real quick so
as long as we keep playing selfish and
playing smart and not trying to do
anything crazy just make the easy play
will be fun what does not move out the
other night about you can a slow start
looks like you came out tonight and we
started right from the jump yeah I just
want to be aggressive I didn't want to
wait 24 in the morning I just want to
play a complete game and I'm gonna try
and do that and I seen you know found me
offensively trying to be aggressive play
physically but
this week began with those games against
the Mavericks and spurs what does it
mean to finish the week owning the last
five minutes against a team like that
that means a lot definitely a lot and
now going on the road it's going to make
these winds with much bigger if we get
those we haven't been great on the road
this year so we have to really come with
it learn from this there's still some
stuff we can work on but this was
definitely a big win happy that we got
to win but thank you it was like a game
so getting it down to the back to those
last five minutes how'd you get get so
much better at it than five days ago
just played together played hard did all
the little things we got a little
stagnant with our offense just pick and
roll throwback pick and roll and I think
when we don't have to coldplay is when
we're really good we just play we have
intelligent basketball players and out
of that show tonight just really just
trying to be consistent we can't allow
teams to run and stop and give up easy
buckets we got to be a consistency
before you office almost a necessity
habits company if it all for such okay
tons of confidence you know we're not
shy dog outfits event we got a lot of
different guys they can hurt you how
many different ways I think when you
Scout us it's hard to go because any
given gun and give a nice lead us big
shots you can score or so all our focus
just need to the other defensive it was
offensively work on interesa Wilson
offer more when you guys were just kind
of kept the pace that kept the tell
anyone I do now right at least be time
for that one yeah it was huge yeah they
want us to play at their pace and we
work
there's a couple of possessions we start
the wall down and now we look good so we
can't allow style of play from the other
team impact the way we feel we have to
play our game as you see going ever go
up okay I did that was awesome he's not
dead like Sterling Cooper but that was a
nice shuffle back y'all still I want to
see everything Breaking Bad no I mean
he's gonna have good days he's gonna
have been his best thing we could be
there for because it's a terrible
situation right now and push it he's
been pretty positive for the most of our
channel you've been averaging even want
more than 10 rebounds last four then a
new focus are just the way the ball is
in bouncing lightly a little bit of both
I always put a lot of focus on Alderaan
rebound the basketball I with my size
this ball for position i think i have an
advantage so the key is lies i'm
aggressive and go to the last there's no
reason why I shouldn't get that many
thanks